## [What Silicon Valley "Gets" about Software Engineers that Traditional Companies Do Not](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/what-silicon-valley-gets-right-on-software-engineers/)

As someone who has always been intersted in working as a Software Engineer, it was interesting to me to see that the role of a Software Engineer within a company varies so much based on how the organization of the company. In recent years, many "Sillicon Valley-like Companies" have popularized a different style management method that have given software engineers a more "developer" like role. These companies often give software engineers more autonomy as problem solvers rather than mindless resources. In these companies software engineers often are encouraged to communicate between each other as opposed to the tradition engineer-manager chain of command seen in traditional companies. As someone who cannot imagine working a traditonal 9-5 office job, the appearance of this new autonomous yet collaborative workstyle as software engineers at tech companies has caught my interest many years ago. However, I'm no expert on management and in recent years especially after covid many workplaces have some sort of hybrid-remote workstyle and the inclusion of AI technology in software development. I'm interested in seeing how these factors may affect the role of software engineers in the next decade. 

## Personal Comment:
The article link was here was really helpful to me as someone who is also interested in a Software Enginner career. It really goes to what a software enginner really does on a company and that a collaborative workstyle is very important in this career. That its very important to have good communication skills and being problem solvers. Its interesting to see that the companies are trying to change the traditional style workplace to be more flexible in order to keep up with the changing times. Wilson Xu